Add related and details.rst to 'redundant-unittest-assert' doc (#6483)
PyCQA/pylint: doc/data/messages/r/redundant-unittest-assert/details.rst

Directly asserting a string literal will always pass. The solution is to
test something that could fail, or not assert at all.

> This message is similar to ``assert-on-string-literal``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For assertions using ``assert`` there are similar messages:  :ref:`assert-on-string-literal` and :ref:`assert-on-tuple`.

```
